Harmonize javascript 6 (#85)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/js/6/collection/exists/index.md

# exists

> Check if a `<collection>` exists in Kuzzle.

Author: When talking about method <argument> in description we add chevron and backtick

## Arguments

```javascript
exists (index, collection, [options])
```

<br/>

| Arguments    | Type    | Description |
|--------------|---------|-------------|
| ``index`` | <pre>string</pre> | Index name    |
| ``collection`` | <pre>string</pre> | Collection name    |
| ``options`` | <pre>object</pre> | Query options    |

### **options**

Additional query options

| Property     | Type<br/>(default)    | Description   |
| -------------- | --------- | ------------- |
|  `queuable`  |  <pre>boolean</pre> <br/>(`true`) |  Make this request queuable or not  |

## Resolve

> Resolve to a boolean indicating if the collection exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolves to a `true` if the collection exists, `false` otherwise.
```

Check if a collection exists in Kuzzle.

## Arguments

```javascript
exists (index, collection, [options])
```

<br/>

| Arguments    | Type    | Description |
|--------------|---------|-------------|
| ``index`` | <pre>string</pre> | Index name    |
| ``collection`` | <pre>string</pre> | Collection name    |
| ``options`` | <pre>object</pre> | Query options    |

### options

Additional query options

| Property     | Type<br/>(default)    | Description   |
| -------------- | --------- | ------------- |
|  `queuable`  |  <pre>boolean</pre> <br/>(`true`) |  Make this request queuable or not  |

## Resolves

> Resolves to a `true` if the collection exists, `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolves to `true` if the collection exists, `false` otherwise.
```
